# Privacy policy

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By opting in, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definition

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
* __Organisation__ (referred to as either "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to the IAI Research Group ath the University of Stavanger, Norway.
* __Bot__ refers to the reccomendation service agent you interract with.
* __Service__ refers to the movie recommender service.
* __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the Organisation, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
* __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
* PSID
* Messages

### PSID

PSID is an ID assigned to you when you first initiate a conversation with the bot, which is permanent, and specific to the Bot's Facebook Page MovieBot. This is stored along with the conversation messages to identify you.

### Messasges

Messages are all messages exchanged with the bot, both sent by you and the bot.

# Your Pesonal Data

## Use of Your Personal Data

The Bot will use Personal Data for the purpose of improving the Service to make reccomendations that are believed to be more relevant to You.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Organisation will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Organisation will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

If at any point you want to delete your data, you may do so by sending "/delete" to the Bot.

## Transfer of Your Personal Daata

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Organisation's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Organisation will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an Organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If the Organisation undergoes changes in name, ownership, or any significant changes in its structure, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Organisation may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Organisation may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Organisation
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability

# Contact US

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
* By email: iai.moviebot@gmail.com